#   Copyright
#
#	Copyright (C) 2009-2010 Jari Aalto
#
#   License
#
#       This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
#       it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
#       the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
#       (at your option) any later version.
#
#       This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
#       but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#       MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
#       GNU General Public License for more details.
#
#       You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
#       along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
#
#   Description
#
#	To learn what TOP LEVEL sections to use in manual pages,
#	see POSIX/Susv standard and "Utility Description Defaults" at
#	http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/utilities/xcu_chap01.html#tag_01_11
#
#	This is manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#	http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#	    perldoc perlpod | less
#
#	To check the syntax:
#
#	    podchecker *.pod
#
#	Create manual page with command:
#
#	    pod2man PAGE.N.pod > PAGE.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

apng2gif -  convert APNG animated images to GIF files

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  apng2gif <INPUT *.png> <OUTPUT *.gif> [options]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Progrmam apng2gif converts APNG into animated GIF format.

The Animated Portable Network Graphics (APNG) file format is an
extension to the Portable Network Graphics (PNG) specification. It
allows for animated PNG files that work similarly to animated GIF
files, while retaining backward compatibility with non-animated PNG
files and adding support for 8-bit transparency and 24-bit images.

Default run values are /t 128, no background color. A short syntax hlp
is provided without any command line arguments.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B</b COLOR>

Background blend color. Format: #RGB in hex, like #808080, or three
values in decimal. Like: 128 128 128. If this option is used, option
B</t> is ignored

With option:

 /b #ff0000   or
 /b 255 0 0

will set the background color as red, so partially transparent pixels
will be composed over red.

=item B</t LEVEL>

Transparency threshold level between 0..155. Default is 128. pixels
with alpha level less than 128 will become fully transparent.

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 STANDARDS

APNG homepage http://animatedpng.com

=head1 SEE ALSO

gifsicle(1)
gifview(1)
optipng(1)
pngcheck(1)
pngcrush
pnginfo(1)
pngnq(1)
pngquant(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

Program was written by Max Stepi <maxst@users.sourceforge.net>

This manual page was written by Jari Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>.
Released under license GNU GPL version 2 or (at your option) any later
version. For more information about license, visit
<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
